[singing voice] Aniplex.
I'm Masaki Ichijou,
first year,
a student at Third High School.
And you can call me
Shinkurou Kichijouji.
I'm another first year
at Third High.
I'm a First High freshman.
Name's Tatsuya Shiba.
So tell me.
What do the Crimson Prince
and Cardinal George want
with me right before
their match?
Oh.
If you already know about me,
and George, too,
then this introduction
should be quick and easy.
Tatsuya Shiba, huh?
I've never heard
that name before,
but still,
I'll remember it forever now.
[Shinkurou] You're the most
prodigious engineer
in the history
of the Nine Schools Competition.
I know it's probably rude
to do this before the match,
but we wanted
to see what you look like.
[Tatsuya] I must say,
it humbles me greatly
to be called
a prodigy by the boy genius
who discovered one
of the Cardinal Codes
at the tender age of 13.
But you're correct.
It's unorthodox.
‐ Miyuki.
‐ [grunts]
You should go on ahead
to get ready.
I'll be on my way.
[gasps]
[grunts]
If I may,
isn't it almost time
for your match?
[gasping]
Third High isn't competing
in Monolith Code again
until tomorrow.
When is First High's next round?
I'm not sure.
It isn't my event.
That's surprising.
How unfortunate.
Both of us were looking forward
to competing against
your players soon.
Though needless to say,
we would certainly win.
[Masaki] Sorry to keep you here.
Hopefully
we'll cross paths again,
Tatsuya Shiba.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Erika] Guys, is it just me...
[grunts]
Or is this kinda freaky?
All the players
are wearing sunglasses.
[Mikihiko] Well,
why wouldn't they?
It's the most affordable
surefire strategy
to counter Miss Mitsui's
optical magic.
[both grunting]
What'd I say that's so funny
to you?
I'm laughing at them.
They're just playing right
into Tatsuya's hands,
aren't they?
[Erika] I can't believe
they'd cheap out and use shades.
Do you think she'll try
to blind them with a spray
from the wave this time maybe?
‐ I wouldn't bet on it.
‐ [gasps]
I just can't imagine
Tatsuya restoring
to such a simplistic strategy
as that one.
[gunshot]
[magical whooshing]
[Erika] She's late?
[Mikihiko] No, look!
She's keeping pace!
[upbeat music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[Leonhard] What the heck
was that?
I thought I saw a shadow
drop onto the waterway.
♪♪ ♪♪
[magical whirring]
[grunts
[Mikihiko] I see.
That's what she's doing.
‐ Huh?
‐ What do you mean?
Her opponents' tinted lenses
also darken their fields
of vision so they're under
the false impression
that the water ends
at the border of bright
and dim light
and they end up trying not
to enter the shadows.
[grunts]
[Erika] You can wield
illusion magic that way?
[grunts]
[giggles]
[Mayumi] Thanks to all
your outstanding efforts,
it fills me with joy to announce
that First High's players
have positively swept
the rookie girls'
Ice Pillars Break final league!
Miss Shiba,
Miss Kitayama,
and Miss Akechi,
congratulations on
a job well done.
[all grunting]
In recognition
of this brilliant feat,
the tournament committee
has approached us
with a proposal.
[Mayumi] Regardless of each
of your standings in the final,
the total points awarded
to First High's team
as a whole stays the same,
so they were wondering
if we'd like
to skip the final
and have all three
of you share first place.
[all gasping]
Well,
matter of fact,
I'm personally not feeling up
to competing any further.
[Eimi] Coincidentally,
I was already thinking of asking
to withdraw before
you mentioned this proposal.
All right, then.
[grunts]
‐ If it's okay‐‐
‐ Hmm?
I want to compete, chairwoman.
[gasps]
[Shizuku] This may be
my only chance ever
to go all out against Miyuki.
That's valuable.
It'd be a shame to pass it up.
Yes, I understand.
But what would you like
to do, Miyuki?
[Miyuki] I guess
if Miss Kitayama wishes
to compete against me...
I have no reason to refuse
the honorable request
of a friend.
[indistinct chatter]
[wind blowing]
[beeping]
[magical whooshing]
[Shizuku] I can't make a dent.
Just as I expected.
[grunts]
Well then...
[gasps]
[Miyuki] Wielding two CADs
at once.
Shizuku.
How did you master
that technique?
Phonon Maser?
[Mayumi] Who knew she would use
such a high‐level spell?
[Miyuki] Unfortunately, Shizuku,
you're way too naive.
[grunts]
She cast Niflheim.
No way.
[Mari] Wide‐range freezing magic
that can create
even liquid nitrogen.
[gasps]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[flames roaring]
[gasps]
[buzzing]
[grunts]
Hmm.
[Shizuku] Congratulations
on winning today.
Oh, thanks.
[Honoka] I'm sorry I'm not able
to say the same to you.
[Shizuku] Yeah,
I'm bitter that I lost.
Shizuku.
[Shizuku] Even
from the very start,
I didn't think I had
a chance of winning.
No.
[Shizuku] But‐‐but I
was way over matched.
Honoka.
‐ I feel so defeated.
‐ [exhales]
[Honoka] I'm sorry, Shizuku.
‐ Hey.
‐ [gasps]
You want a snack?
My stomach is starting
to rumble.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[grunts]
Thank you, Honoka.
[door opens and closes]
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] Three years ago,
when the new Soviet Union
military invaded Sado Island,
he joined the defense lines
as a volunteer soldier
at barely 13,
and by using Rupture magic,
massacred the enemy forces.
He's experienced in live combat.
Due to that incredible feat,
the boy came to be known as
the Ichijou's Crimson Prince.
A genius magician
who identified one
of the Cardinal Codes thought
to exist only in theory.
A prodigy so closely followed
that there isn't
a single researcher
of the fundamental
magic sequences
who doesn't know his name.
The fact that those two are in
the same grade and have enrolled
at the same school
is a nearly
criminal coincidence.
At the very least,
they're without peer
at the rookie level.
Too bad for Morisaki's team.
If there is one saving grace,
it's the fact that Rupture magic
is classified
as a lethal Rank A spell
and therefore can't be used
in this tournament.
We did with the first match
as expected.
Our second match
is against Fourth High
who is in dead last.
Surely they can at least
win this round.
[indistinct chatter]
[Boy] What's the status?
[Miyuki] Brother!
What?
Did something happen?
[Tatsuya] An accident?
Yeah,
if it can be called an accident.
Miyuki,
no way that was accidental.
That was deliberate foul play.
It's a clear rule violation.
[Miyuki] Shizuku, it's too soon
to be jumping to conclusions
and making bold statements.
After all,
there's still no proof.
Morisaki,
and the others?
Critically injured.
[Mayumi] The match was held
in an Urban Arena.
And they were subjected
to a battering ram attack inside
a deserted building.
All three got buried under
the rubble.
If Battering Ram is used indoors
with people inside,
then that spell is elevated
to a lethal Rank A status.
[Tatsuya] Way worse
than reckless surfing
in Battle Board.
I'd say it's clearly
a rule violation.
Undeniably,
but it wasn't
a complete disaster,
so they just need to stay in
the hospital
for the next three days
to recover.
These circumstances
are rather murky, though,
aren't they?
[Tatsuya] Were all
three competitors inside
of that same building?
They got blitzed right
where they stood as soon
as the match started up.
That wouldn't work unless
the other team did
some advance recon.
[Shizuku] There's no question
that they're jumping the gun,
never mind using Battering Ram
was deliberate.
Shizuku's right.
I would assume
the tournament staff
is sure to be panicked.
Because they couldn't prevent
Fourth High from making
a false start?
[Tatsuya] That's not really much
of an issue here,
because a case could be made
the direct cause
for this accident was the fact
that they set the starting point
of this match in a decrepit,
abandoned building.
I would even dare to wager
the tournament staff wants
to call off the rookie division
Monolith Code event.
You're right.
There were some calls
for cancellation.
But preliminaries are going
to continue on without us
and Fourth High anyway.
[Mayumi] Worst case scenario,
we'll have to forfeit
our second prelim match.
I think it's already
the worst case.
I don't see any other choice
but to forfeit.
[Mayumi] Well, about that.
Juumonji's negotiating
right now.
Ah.
So listen, Tatsuya.
There's something I would like
to talk to you about,
although...
Maybe it's best we discuss it
in private?
Let me cut right to the chase.
Do you want
to know what I think?
If this most recent incident
was another act of sabotage
like what happened to Mari?
Yeah.
After Miss Watanabe sustained
her injuries,
you did point out
the possibility
her CAD had been tampered with,
didn't you?
[Tatsuya] Yes.
The Fourth High
technical staff swears
they didn't equip their CADs
with any Battering Ram
sequences.
As a result,
I can't help but wonder.
If you're right that our school
is being targeted
then what do you think
the perpetrator's motive
could be?
[Mayumi] Some sort of revenge,
maybe?
Perhaps it's a form
of retaliation
for what
we thwarted last spring?
No, this is separate
from the previous attack.
Huh?
What makes you so sure?
[Tatsuya] The night before
the tournament started,
some intruders tried
to sneak onto hotel property.
There were three in total,
and all of them were armed
with handguns.
[Mayumi] Wow,
this is news to me.
[Tatsuya] 'Cause I was sworn
to secrecy.
But I know their background
and just how shady it is.
I hear it's
a criminal syndicate based
in Hong Kong.
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya] It's been making moves
on this year's
Nine Schools Competition.
Promise me you won't
do anything dangerous.
Well, if anything,
I'd say I'm the one
who's constantly getting dragged
into these predicaments.
[Man] So how did it turn out?
[Man 2] Just as we planned.
First High's only option now
is to withdraw
from Monolith Code.
Out of all the events,
Monolith Code commands
the most points.
[Man 3] Those earned
in rookie events
may only be half
of the official events,
but they'll still feel the blow.
[scoffs]
We're sticking
with the same approach
as the prelims.
[Tatsuya] At the end of the day,
Mirage Bat is all about stamina.
Don't wear down your opponents.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] All you need to do
is stay calm
and pace yourselves.
[grunts]
Both of you,
if you focus on playing
to your own strengths,
you'll be okay.
[Tatsuya] Don't worry.
We've got a one‐two finish
in the bag.
both: Yeah, good strategy.
[crowd cheering]
[beeping]
[grunts]
‐ [giggling]
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[grunts]
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Man] ♪♪ I'm living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
[Boy 2] Damn,
how can he make such
a tiny activation
sequence function?
[Boy 3] You'd think it
was Taurus Silver himself!
[gasps]
[Azusa] "You'd think he
was Taurus Silver himself."
Using cutting‐edge research
to connect the main system
of a generalize model
to the subsystem
of a specialized model.
Inferno.
Phonon Mazer.
Niflheim.
All three
an advance magic program
whose activation sequence
has only been made public
to Rank A magicians!
You'd think it
was Taurus Silver himself.
No, this is‐‐
it would be impossible unless
Taurus Silver himself
were behind it.
[Tatsuya] It's possible
he's actually
a Japanese youth just
like any one of us.
[Azusa] There's no way.
No way.
No way!
[buzzing]
[crowd cheering]
[gasps]
[Azusa] There's just no way.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[footsteps approaching]
[grunts]
Well, Tatsuya,
you did good work today.
The results you produced
exceeded our expectations,
so thank you.
[Tatsuya] It's all thanks
to the players' efforts.
Of course
it's their achievement, too,
for working so hard.
Still though,
every single one of us here
recognizes how significant
your contribution
to the team was.
Thank you very much.
[Mayumi] As it stands right now,
First High has the most points,
Third High is in second place,
and in terms of just
the rookie events,
they're 50 points behind us.
Even if we withdraw
from Monolith Code now,
we'd still be assured
of second place
in the rookie division.
Before
the rookie events started,
I would have been satisfied
with that, but...
Since we've come this far,
now I'd like to shoot
for first place
in the rookie events, too.
Did you know that Masaki
and Shinkurou
will both be competing
for Third High School
in the Monolith Code
event tomorrow?
[Tatsuya] Yes.
[Mayumi] With those two
teamed up,
there's little chance
they'd suffer
an upset in this tournament.
[grunts]
[Mayumi] Therefore, Tatsuya...
I would like to ask you
to compete in Monolith Code.
Wait a second.
I've got two questions for you.
Oh?
What would those be?
[Tatsuya] The two remaining
preliminary matches
have been postponed
until tomorrow.
Is that right?
Yes, that is correct.
In light of our
unfortunate situation,
the NSC tournament
council agreed
to change tomorrow's schedule.
I was under
the impression players
couldn't ever be replaced
even under
the circumstance
of a debilitating injury.
We pleaded our case
and they made an exception
for that, too.
My second question:
why was I chosen?
Well, that's simple.
It's because we all agreed
that you're
the best substitute player
who's available.
[Mari] Forget about your score
on the skill test.
In terms of live combat skills,
you're probably number one among
the first year guys.
But Monolith Code
isn't considered live combat.
It's a magical competition
where physical attacks
are strictly banned.
In terms of magic‐only
battle strength,
I do think you're
in a special class
all your own, Tatsuya.
But I'm not a player.
I'm on technical staff.
If you need a replacement,
I'm certain there are plenty
of athletes entered
in just a single event who would
be ready and willing.
[Mari exhales]
Even if
the first course students' pride
was taken out of the equation,
selecting a player substitute
on the staff instead
of the other players
would surely leave
lasting psychological damage
on overlooked teammates.
[grunts]
‐ [Katsuto] Don't be
so childish.
[gasping]
You're already a member
of this team
no matter what you believe,
regardless of whether
it's as a player or tech staff.
Don't forget you're one
of only 21 students chosen
from among the 200 first years.
And because First High School's
currently facing a crisis,
our trusted team leader
Miss Saegusa here
has chosen you
as the substitute.
As long as you're a member
of this team,
you will fulfill your duty
to it.
Wait a minute.
[Katsuto] Which means
that as a member,
there will be no defying
our leader's decisions.
And if you believe that one
of those decisions is flawed,
then trust that one of us‐‐
the leader's assistants‐‐
will block it,
but no member aside
from us reserves
the right
to raise any objections.
That's right.2
No matter who they are.
[gasps]
[Katsuto] Don't use your
second course status
as a way out.
Don't wallow in the ranks
of the weak, Shiba.
Substitute or not,
as long as you've been chosen,
you'll fulfill that mission.
Very well.
I shall indeed carry out
my duty.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Mm.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Tatsuya] So,
who are the other team members
besides me?
‐ [Katsuto] You get to choose.
‐ Huh?
[Katsuto] The selection
of the other two members
is left to you.
If you need a little time,
then take an hour and come back
with the answer.
[Tatsuya] No,
there's no need for that,
but I'm not sure
that they'll agree to do it.
We'll be here if you need help
persuading them.
Am I allowed to choose anyone,
even if they're students outside
the team?
Huh?
I don't think that'd be very‐‐
‐ It's okay.
‐ [gasps]
The tournament has already
made plenty
of exceptions for this event.
What difference would one
or two more allowances
truly make?
I don't know, Juumonji.
Wonderful.
My two picks
are Mikihiko Yoshida
and Leonhard Saijou,
both of class 1E.
That's ridiculous, Shiba!
[grunting]
Acceptable.
So Tatsuya,
it'd help us get on board
if you explained why
you chose those two.
[Tatsuya] Of course.
The primary reason was that
I have hardly watched any
of the mens' matches
or even their practice sessions.
I essentially know next
to nothing about
their specialties
or characteristics.
The match is tomorrow.
If I research them from scratch,
there wouldn't be enough time
to strategize or fine tune.
[Mari] I take it you're familiar
with those two guys
in particular, huh?
Yes.
Not only are Mikihiko Yoshida
and Leonhard Saijou classmates
of mine,
but I know them well, too.
All right.
A valid point.
After all,
if the members of a team
don't know each other,
then cooperation
can be difficult.
[grunts]
Tell me, though.
[Mari] If that's
your primary reason,
then what's the secondary?
Their abilities.
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪